---
title: Visualization
emoji: 🌍
colorFrom: pink
colorTo: yellow
sdk: docker
pinned: false
license: mit
short_description: Visualization tool
---

This app visualizes the data. To run it, use the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python app.py --max-rows 5000
```
This will start the visualization tool with a maximum of 5000 rows displayed. You can specify any Hugging Face dataset in the tool itself.

## Expected Format
The app is exemplified can handle the following columns:

- `source` (Optional): The source of the problem or data.
- `problem`: The problem statement or description.
- `solution` (Optional): The solution or answer to the problem. This is the ground-truth solution.
- `model_solution`: The solution generated by a model.
- `schema_0` (Optional): The grading schema. Needs to be a list of dicts, each dict has `desc`, `title`, and `points` keys.
- `grade` (Optional): The grade as found by the grading model. Needs to be a list of dicts in the same order as the schema, each dict has `points` and `desc` keys, indicating the points awarded and the description of why those points were given.
- `history` (Optional): A list of the model solution interaction, might become relevant once we use multi-turn agentic evaluation. Each entry is a dict with `content` (arbitrary string), `role` (assistant or user), and optionally the `type` (code, cot, tool_response, or tool_call) and `tool_name` (arbitrary string) keys.

Any other column that is either a string or a number will be displayed as metadata. The tool allows selection by this metadata as well.